Remove openid from required scopes in GitLab integration (#6073)
mattermost/docs: source/onboard/sso-gitlab.rst

4. The **Discovery Endpoint** for OpenID Connect with GitLab is prepopulated with ``https://gitlab.com/.well-known/openid-configuration``.
5. Paste the **Application ID** from GitLab as the **Client ID** in Mattermost.
6. Paste the **Application Secret Key** from GitLab as the **Client Secret** in Mattermost. 

> 7. Update the ``config.json`` file and specify the scopes you selected in GitLab for the ``GitLabSettings`` property. At a minimum, ``openid`` is a required scope for the connector to work. Changes to this setting require a server restart before taking effect. 

Author: I forgot to add the following.

```suggestion
7. Update the ``config.json`` file and specify the scopes you selected in GitLab under the ``GitLabSettings`` property. At a minimum, ``openid`` is a required scope for Mattermost Professional and Enterprise, and `read_user` is a required scope for Mattermost Team . Changes to this setting require a server restart before taking effect. 
```

> 7. Update the ``config.json`` file and specify the scopes you selected in GitLab under the ``GitLabSettings`` property. At a minimum, ``openid`` is a required scope for Mattermost Professional and Enterprise, and `read_user` is a required scope for Mattermost Team . Changes to this setting require a server restart before taking effect. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Update the ``config.json`` file and specify the scopes you selected in GitLab under the ``GitLabSettings`` property. At a minimum, ``openid`` is a required scope for Mattermost Professional and Enterprise, and `read_user` is a required scope for Mattermost Team Edition. Changes to this setting require a server restart before taking effect. 
```
